[Music]
human touch we need that touch from the
one we love almost as much as we need
air to breathe I never understood that
until I couldn't have it never fades
away this is my life was this thick
fibrosis out of my face what would I do
without you
you'd add people with CF aren't supposed
to get within six feet because we could
end up catching each other's bacteria
you followed me
what the intent of introducing myself
and well Newman you're the kind of guy
that ignores the rules because it makes
you feel in control am i right
you're not wrong you think that's cute
do you think it's cute do you know how
lucky you are to be here nothing is
gonna save our lives we're breathing
borrowed air these meds are not optional
yeah that's probably why they keep
shoving them down my throat okay we're
gonna do our treatments together so that
way I know you're actually doing them
shake on funny don't tell me the one
time you're interested in some guy he's
also got CF I just helped him set up his
med cart I know you stole the organizing
a med card is like foreplay
six feet apart at all times both know
the rules you catch this infection and
you can kiss new lungs goodbye
[Music]
I don't want to hurt you
I can't this whole time I've been living
for my treatments instead of doing my
treatment so that I can live and I want
to live after all the CF is stolen from
me
I don't mind stealing something back
three hundred four millimeters twelve
inches one foot
[Music]
five feet apart are you in
you